hey guys michael here from Michael
Sherlock calm in this video I have a
little app review for you the
application is called Photoshop it's
made by the by pinger who makes textfree
unlimited you may remember my review of
that so they send me a little promo code
here to to show you what this
application is all about this
application costs 199 it's a funding
it's a fun little tool that I think you
may want to have so the layouts the idea
is pretty simple basically you have
backgrounds and you have pictures the
backgrounds are pre-installed here so
you have lion shark sumo wrestler busted
whatever it is I kind of like the line
for this demo and then by clicking
photos here you can select any photo
from your gallery or camera roll so I
already have a photo selected here I'm
using two fingers so it is multi-touch
you can that's how you implement how you
interact with this picture and basically
the main gist of this applications at
the bottom a race on a race flip save
and undo so flip you can flip the
applicate the picture that you have on a
race so a race obviously you erase but
on a race does the opposite so if you're
trying to basically get in there and do
some fine editing you have that choice
so basically this application is just a
little fun one for you you can mash up
any pictures you have with these unique
backgrounds so let's just show you a
quick little demo here so we take this
picture with me and we'll go get the
erase tool won't get the big stuff out
of the way first ok then we'll zoom in a
little bit more and get this other stuff
out of here and let's say I don't know
you were doing this sign you got a
little bit too crazy and you cut through
yourself and that's what that undo
function is for so we get in there all
nice and obviously you can edit it and
make it look as nice or as rough as you
want it depending on what you're doing
and just delete my head for by accident
so you can go in there get rid of that
and get a little bit more over here
not bad depending on what you're doing
you can get more detailed or whatever
the case may be then you can just resize
it so I'm about to get eaten by this
line here and you can just click Save
and the photo is saved to your camera
roll it's real simple application costs
a dollar ninety-nine in the App Store so
it's not a deal breaker for this type of
application I think they should lower
the price maybe two and then 99 cent
range just because it's a pretty simple
idea and it's not as if its total it's
really customizable I really like how
this was but in the future I would like
if maybe you could choose the
backgrounds or you could mash multiple
pictures together because that way you
know it would just be much more unique
and much more usable because you could
put whatever thing you wanted in the
background not limited to what they have
even though they do have a pretty big
selection here and you could you know
mash your friends together and just make
it a really cool thing so I'm Michael
Sherlock from Michael Sherlock calm this
is photo shop by pinger one dollar
ninety-nine cents in the app store for
your iphone or ipod touch thanks for
watching and have a good day